## Web interface to monitor the content of SiStrip DB tags
The file conddbmonitoring.php is the home page of the web interface to monitor the content of the SiStrip DB tags. It asks for a run number (optional), the database name and account, the GlobalTag OR the condition type and a list of tags to be shown. When a GlobalTag is chosen it is possible to display the NoiseRatio result which is the ratio between the noise values of the requested IOV (normalized with the APV gain from the tickmark) and the values of the previous IOV. If no run number is provided the list of available IOVs is shown for each tag and multiple IOVs can be chosen.For the bad channel tags it is possible to display also some trend plots. Since the introduction of conddb V2, in the list of possible databases both the old V1 databases and the new V2 databases (pro and dev) appear. Usually the V2 ones have to be used unless an old GlobalTag, known only by conddb V1 is requested.
## Web interface to display strip pedestal and noise values
The file singlemodules.php is the home page of the web interface can be used to display the strip pedestal and noise values of single modules. The user has to provide the run number (s)he is interested to, the Global Tag or the tag name, choose between Noise and Pedestal (consistently with the provided tag name) or both, if the Global Tag has been provided and whether the noise values have to be normalized with the tickmark height (possible only if the Global Tag is provided). Finally a list of detids has to be provided in the dialog box.
The script, macro and cfg files used to submit, run and process the CMSSW job are in the DQM/SiStripMonitorSummary package: scripts/makeModulePlots.sh, bin/makeModulePlots.cc and test/DBReader_conddbmonitoring_singlemodule_cfg.py

Similar instructions can be found also in this twiki page: 
https://twiki.cern.ch/twiki/bin/view/CMS/StripTrackerMonitoringCondDb
